okay I'm bag of a plastic conditioner
and for those you who probably is your
first time watching this video here's
the conditioner are used I got nine warm
olive oil and rosemary oil in our little
bottle okay I got my warm water okay now
since i'll put it all on I like to let
it sit for a while um if you don't have
a plastic cap or sit on the dryer just
leave it on your head for a while um if
you have one though sit on the dryers
put a plastic cap on your head and sit
up under one of those those of you that
don't have either you can buy these
aluminum they're kind of made of metal
here's called a conditioning captain put
it on your head I'm not gonna put it on
but use your own body heat put it on but
today I'm going I'm going to be using
this drum roll let's turn this okay we
source the box for dr. show you what is
years ago here it goes right there it
was only ten dollars good deal and I got
a good hair dryer Top Gun air it's
supposed to use ions it's the bet
to make it here not feel so dry and
brittle you can make take your blow
dryer and put it on your head
let's put it on here
squeaking all right let's read the
directions it says after shampooing and
towel drawing here when I'm not doing
net that uh go on go down go down okay
play conditioner to your hair and make
sure it's not dripping it's a turn-on
dryer dryer hair for approximately 15
minutes on low setting for maximum
efficiency all right cut hem it on load
I've got to plug it up more doing I'm
not going to get anywhere if we don't do
that plug up on the Sun ready
good good put this always hot up as it
was cold outside warm it up all right ok
I will sit here for 15 minutes and i'll
be back in let you know what I do this
Ciao Bella